AWS-DynamoDB bug (#12002)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS_DynamoDB/ReleaseNotes/1_0_4.md

#### Integrations
##### Amazon DynamoDB

> - Fixed an issue where some commands got `ParamValidationError` error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where some commands would return a `ParamValidationError` error.
```
